There was both a human rights complaint and
a class action lawsuit that essentially got
rolled into one. And we were contacted at some
point to ask if we would be part of the classaction suit.
I don’t know specifically how ithappened,
but someone contacted us and said,
“We’re going to go forward with a classaction lawsuit.
This isn’t right. We needfour plaintiffs to do it."
And because Ange[Beever] and I
were self-employed and didn’t
feel that our livelihoods would be in jeopardy,
we said we would do it because it was something we
could do to help our community, so that we could
represent the class of women who were there that
night. I was really glad that we did it. We met
a couple of really awesome lawyers, Bonnie Tough,
who has since passed away, and she was formidable.
And then Kathryn Podrebarac was her co-counsel.
They were great. And Richard [Aitcheson] and JP
[Hornick] were the other two named plaintiffs
who had been on the Special Occasion Permit.
Idon’t remember going to the court for that.
I feel like the lawyers were working with the
negotiation with the police’s officers.
We were not essentially in charge of arguing
things. We weren’t the policy makers for
lack of a better term. They asked for money that
would go to the, I believe it was called Bill 7,
the scholarship fund that the bar was originally
benefiting, and Maggie’s, the sex workers outreach
group. Because, again, it was about policing
women’s sexuality, and Maggie’s, I know,
had been very helpful to the bathhouse committee
organizers, both before and after the police raid.